ASM Protect: First Draft (#15833)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/security_platform/application_security/_index.md

When a threat is detected, a security signal is generated in Datadog. For `HIGH` or `CRITICAL` severity security signals, notifications can be sent to Slack, email, or PagerDuty to notify your team and provide real-time context around threats.

Once a security signal is triggered, quickly pivot to investigate and protect in Datadog. Leverage the deep observability data provided by ASM and APM distributed tracing, in one view, to resolve application issues. Analyze attack flows, view flame graphs, and review correlated trace and log data to pinpoint application vulnerabilities. Eliminate context switching by flowing through application data into remediation and mitigation steps, all within the same panel.

With ASM, you can cut through the noise of continuous trace data to focus on securing and protecting your environment.

> Until you fully remediate the potential vulnerabilities lying in the application's code, ASM enables you to slow down the attackers by blocking their IPs temporarily or permanently, in 1-click. This feature is currently in private beta, please contact us through [this form][7] to access early previews.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Until you fully remediate the potential vulnerabilities in your application code, ASM enables you to slow down attackers by blocking their IPs temporarily or permanently, with a single click. One-click IP blocking is in private beta. Access early preview through [this form][7].
```
